1. Introduction Taiwan opened its wireless telecommunication services market in 1997, with license granted to six mobile operators. Competition has been fierce from the beginning. For acquisition, operators have significant network investment to provide ubiquitous access and quality communications. The market saturated in five years, and merges and acquisitions have reduced the number of mobile operators from six to four by the end of 2003. When the market is saturated, the pool of “available customers” is limited and an operator has to shift from its acquisition strategy to retention because the cost of acquisition is typically five times higher than retention. As Rob Mattersion (Mattersion 2001) noted, “For many telecom executives, figuring out how to deal with Churn is turning out to be the key to very survival of their organizations.”  Based on marketing research (Berson et al. 2000), the average churn of a wireless operator is about 2% per month. That is, a carrier lost about a quarter of its customer base each year. Furthermore, Figure 1 suggests that Asian telecom providers face a more challenging customer churn than those in the other parts of the world.   From business intelligence perspective, churn management process under the CRM (Customer Relationship Management) framework consists of two major analytical modeling efforts: predicting those who are about to churn and assessing the most effective way that an operator can do (including “do nothing”) in terms of retention. This research focuses on the former. It intends to illustrate how to apply IT technology to facilitate telecom churn management. Specifically, this research uses data mining techniques to find a best model of predictive churn from data warehouse to prevent the customers turnover, further to enhance the competitive edge. This paper shares the result of the research. Section 2 defines some basic concepts (and rationale) that we use in the research, Section 3 describes our research methodology, and Section 4 presents the findings. Section 5 concludes our presentation.  2. Basic Concept 2.1. Churn Management Berson et al. (Berson et al. 2000) noted that “Customer Churn” is a term used in the wireless telecom service industry to denote the customer movement from one provider to another, and “Churn Management” is a term that describes an operator’s process to retain profitable customers. Similarly, Kentritas (Kentritas 2001) thought that the term Churn Management in the telecom services industry is used to describe the procedure of securing the most important customers for a company. In essence, proper telecom operator customer management presumes an ability to forecast the customer decision to move from one service provider to another, a measurement of “customer profitability,” and a set of strategic and tactic retention measures to reduce the movement.   In practice, an operator can segment its customers by “profitability” and focus retention management only on those profitable segments, or score the entire customer base with “propensity to churn” and prioritize the retention effort based on profitability and churn propensity. However, the telecom services industry is yet to standardize a set of “profitability” measurements (e.g., current versus life-time, business unit versus corporate, account versus customer, “loyalty” versus “profitability,” etc.) This research focuses on churn prediction, and assumes low correlation between “profitability” and “propensity to churn” to simplify the modeling framework.  2.2. Data Mining Kurt Thearling (Thearling 1999) proposed that Data Mining is “the extraction of hidden predictive information from large databases,” a cutting-edge technology with great potential to help companies dig out the most important trends in their huge database. Emerging data mining tools can answer business questions that have been traditionally too time-consuming to solve. Miguel Lejeune (Lejeune 2001) addressed that Data Mining Techniques allow the transformation of raw data into business knowledge. The SAS Institute (SAS 2000) defines data mining as “the process of selecting, exploring and modeling large amount of data to uncover previously unknown data patterns for business advantage”. Consequently, we would say that data mining is applying data analysis and discovery algorithms to detect patterns over data for prediction and description.   With sufficient database size and quality, data mining technology can provide business intelligence to generate new opportunities. In the CRM space, data mining techniques most commonly used include clustering, associations, rule induction, genetic algorithm, decision tree, and neural network.  